Document role icons (#3815)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/resources/Guild.md

###### JSON Params

| Field       | Type                                      | Description                                                                               | Default                        |
| ----------- | ----------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------ |
| name        | string                                    | name of the role                                                                          | "new role"                     |
| permissions | string                                    | bitwise value of the enabled/disabled permissions                                         | @everyone permissions in guild |
| color       | integer                                   | RGB color value                                                                           | 0                              |
| hoist       | boolean                                   | whether the role should be displayed separately in the sidebar                            | false                          |

> | icon        | ?[image data](#DOCS_REFERENCE/image-data) | base64 64x64 png/jpeg image for the role icon (if the guild has the `ROLE_ICONS` feature) | null                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| icon        | ?string | the role's [icon hash](#DOCS_REFERENCE/image-formatting) (if the guild has the `ROLE_ICONS` feature) | null                           |
```
The example you have given is a hash and there's also a CDN URL for role icons, hence it would make more sense that this is the role's icon hash rather than Base64 encoded image data.

> | Field       | Type    | Description                                                                                          | Default                        |
> | ----------- | ------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------ |
> | name        | string  | name of the role                                                                                     | "new role"                     |
> | permissions | string  | bitwise value of the enabled/disabled permissions                                                    | @everyone permissions in guild |
> | color       | integer | RGB color value                                                                                      | 0                              |
> | hoist       | boolean | whether the role should be displayed separately in the sidebar                                       | false                          |
> | icon        | ?string | the role's [icon hash](#DOCS_REFERENCE/image-formatting) (if the guild has the `ROLE_ICONS` feature) | null                           |
> | mentionable | boolean | whether the role should be mentionable                                                               | false                          |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Field       | Type                                     | Description                                                             | Default                        |
| ----------- | ---------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------ |
| name        | string                                   | name of the role                                                        | "new role"                     |
| permissions | string                                   | bitwise value of the enabled/disabled permissions                       | @everyone permissions in guild |
| color       | integer                                  | RGB color value                                                         | 0                              |
| hoist       | boolean                                  | whether the role should be displayed separately in the sidebar          | false                          |
| icon        | [image data](#DOCS_REFERENCE/image-data) | the 128x128 role icon image (if the guild has the `ROLE_ICONS` feature) | null                           |
| mentionable | boolean                                  | whether the role should be mentionable                                  | false                          |
```

Reviewer 3: Actually, the recommended size is 64x but there is no size limit afaik, only in terms of file size which is 256kb. Although this can also be a guild emoji so that should also be mentioned I guess

###### JSON Params

> | Field         | Type       | Description                                                                                          | Default                        |
> | ------------- | ------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------ |
> | name          | string  | name of the role                                                                                     | "new role"                     |
> | permissions   | string  | bitwise value of the enabled/disabled permissions                                                    | @everyone permissions in guild |
> | color         | integer | RGB color value                                                                                      | 0                              |
> | hoist         | boolean | whether the role should be displayed separately in the sidebar                                       | false                          |
> | icon          | ?string | the role's [icon hash](#DOCS_REFERENCE/image-formatting) (if the guild has the `ROLE_ICONS` feature) | null                           |
> | unicode_emoji | ?string | the role's unicode emoji (if the guild has the `ROLE_ICONS` feature)                                 | null                           |
> | mentionable   | boolean | whether the role should be mentionable                                                               | false                          |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Field         | Type                                     | Description                                                          | Default                        |
|---------------|------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------|
| name          | string                                   | name of the role                                                     | "new role"                     |
| permissions   | string                                   | bitwise value of the enabled/disabled permissions                    | @everyone permissions in guild |
| color         | integer                                  | RGB color value                                                      | 0                              |
| hoist         | boolean                                  | whether the role should be displayed separately in the sidebar       | false                          |
| icon          | [image data](#DOCS_REFERENCE/image-data) | the role's icon image (if the guild has the `ROLE_ICONS` feature)    | null                           |
| unicode_emoji | string                                   | the role's unicode emoji (if the guild has the `ROLE_ICONS` feature) | null                           |
| mentionable   | boolean                                  | whether the role should be mentionable                               | false                          |
```

###### JSON Params

| Field       | Type                                     | Description                                                         |
| ----------- | ------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| name        | string  | name of the role                                                                                     |
| permissions | string  | bitwise value of the enabled/disabled permissions                                                    |
| color       | integer | RGB color value                                                                                      |
| hoist       | boolean | whether the role should be displayed separately in the sidebar                                       |

> | icon        | string  | the role's [icon hash](#DOCS_REFERENCE/image-formatting) (if the guild has the `ROLE_ICONS` feature) |

Reviewer 4: When updating a role via the PATCH, `icon` is a file (specifically ImageType)

Author: How do I write that?

Reviewer 5: Update the table here https://github.com/discord/discord-api-docs/blob/master/docs/resources/Guild.md#modify-guild-role--patch-guildsguildiddocs_resources_guildguild-objectrolesroleiddocs_topics_permissionsrole-object to add `icon` and mention it is a file type, which requires multipart/form-data body

Author: Will do later

Reviewer 6: the client sends a data uri in json ([image data](https://discord.com/developers/docs/reference#image-data) in the docs), like [emojis](https://discord.com/developers/docs/resources/emoji#create-guild-emoji), not multipart/form-data

Author: So am I right?

> | Field       | Type                                     | Description                                                         |
> | ----------- | ------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
> | name        | string  | name of the role                                                                                     |
> | permissions | string  | bitwise value of the enabled/disabled permissions                                                    |
> | color       | integer | RGB color value                                                                                      |
> | hoist       | boolean | whether the role should be displayed separately in the sidebar                                       |
> | icon        | string  | the role's [icon hash](#DOCS_REFERENCE/image-formatting) (if the guild has the `ROLE_ICONS` feature) |
> | mentionable | boolean | whether the role should be mentionable                                                               |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Field       | Type                                     | Description                                                             |
| ----------- | ---------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| name        | string                                   | name of the role                                                        |
| permissions | string                                   | bitwise value of the enabled/disabled permissions                       |
| color       | integer                                  | RGB color value                                                         |
| hoist       | boolean                                  | whether the role should be displayed separately in the sidebar          |
| icon        | [image data](#DOCS_REFERENCE/image-data) | the 128x128 role icon image (if the guild has the `ROLE_ICONS` feature) |
| mentionable | boolean                                  | whether the role should be mentionable                                  |
```

Author: This collidates with https://github.com/discord/discord-api-docs/pull/3815#pullrequestreview-752606768

Author: @advaith1 what u think?

Reviewer 2: I'm pretty sure they have suggested changes in the wrong place. As advaith mentioned, image data is what the client sends. (Also added 128x128 in the changes since that's the default size being returned by the cdn url.)

Author: well, I implemented it into my lib like it's actually noted and some users with access to role_icons tested it and it worked.
I'm unsure

Reviewer 3: Same as above, this should not say 128x128 and it should also support emojis

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure why this is marked as resolved, it's still incorrect afaik. I'm not sure what you mean by your above comment, don't see how one can get an icon hash before having created a role @Lulalaby

Author: Could you please do a new review?
I'm a bit confused rn about the unicode emoji.

Reviewer 2: Sure, unicode emoji is presumably only for unicode emojis, for guild emojis, the client just re-uploads the image as an icon.

###### JSON Params

> | Field         | Type                                     | Description                                                         |
> | ------------- | ------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
> | name          | string  | name of the role                                                                                     |
> | permissions   | string  | bitwise value of the enabled/disabled permissions                                                    |
> | color         | integer | RGB color value                                                                                      |
> | hoist         | boolean | whether the role should be displayed separately in the sidebar                                       |
> | icon          | string  | the role's [icon hash](#DOCS_REFERENCE/image-formatting) (if the guild has the `ROLE_ICONS` feature) |
> | unicode_emoji | string  | the role's unicode emoji (if the guild has the `ROLE_ICONS` feature)                                 |
> | mentionable   | boolean | whether the role should be mentionable                                                               |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Field         | Type                                     | Description                                                          |
|---------------|------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| name          | string                                   | name of the role                                                     |
| permissions   | string                                   | bitwise value of the enabled/disabled permissions                    |
| color         | integer                                  | RGB color value                                                      |
| hoist         | boolean                                  | whether the role should be displayed separately in the sidebar       |
| icon          | [image data](#DOCS_REFERENCE/image-data) | the role's icon image (if the guild has the `ROLE_ICONS` feature)    |
| unicode_emoji | string                                   | the role's unicode emoji (if the guild has the `ROLE_ICONS` feature) |
| mentionable   | boolean                                  | whether the role should be mentionable                               |
```
